Add `Security Best Practices` page (#635)
directus/docs: content/guides/13.security/1.best-practices.md

- Do not grant create on `directus_files` to the public role.
- If you need to accept uploads from unauthenticated users (for example, a contact form with attachments), receive the file through a flow that validates MIME type, size, and content, then writes the file under a service account.
- Configure [`FILES_MAX_UPLOAD_SIZE`](/configuration/files#upload-limits) and [`FILES_MIME_TYPE_ALLOW_LIST`](/configuration/files#upload-limits) to limit the shape of acceptable uploads.

### Prefer Authorization Headers for Asset Requests

Assets can be requested with an access token in the query string (`/assets/:id?access_token=...`) or with an `Authorization` header. Tokens in the query string are stored in server logs, browser history, and intermediary proxy logs, widening the exposure of every request.

- Use the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header for asset requests from server-side and authenticated client code.
- Reserve query-string tokens for cases where a header cannot be set (for example, direct `<img src="/assets/...">` usage), and prefer short-lived tokens for those cases.

## Server Hardening

### Block Internal IPs for File Imports

> The `/files/import` endpoint fetches a remote URL and stores the result as a file. The default [`IMPORT_IP_DENY_LIST`](/configuration/security-limits) only blocks `0.0.0.0` and the AWS instance metadata IP `169.254.169.254`. Private network ranges (`10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`), IPv4 localhost (`127.0.0.1`), and IPv6 localhost (`::1`) are not blocked by default. A user with permission to import files can use this endpoint to reach internal services behind your network perimeter, which is a server-side request forgery (SSRF) attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/files/import` endpoint fetches a remote URL and stores the result as a file. The default `IMPORT_IP_DENY_LIST` contains only two entries: `0.0.0.0` (shorthand for all local IPs registered to the current machine, including `127.0.0.1`, `::1`) and the AWS instance metadata IP `169.254.169.254`. Private network ranges (`10.0.0.0/8`, `172.16.0.0/12`, `192.168.0.0/16`) are not blocked by default. A user with permission to import files can therefore use this endpoint to reach services on internal networks, which is a server-side request forgery (SSRF) attack.
```

Slight mistake here saying that `127.0.0.1` or `::1` are not blocked however those are included in `0.0.0.0`

Author: AI strikes again ;)

Extend `IMPORT_IP_DENY_LIST` to cover private ranges and both IPv4 and IPv6 localhost. A conservative baseline:

```

> IMPORT_IP_DENY_LIST=0.0.0.0,127.0.0.1,::1,10.0.0.0/8,172.16.0.0/12,192.168.0.0/16,169.254.0.0/16,fc00::/7,fe80::/10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORT_IP_DENY_LIST=0.0.0.0,10.0.0.0/8,172.16.0.0/12,192.168.0.0/16,169.254.0.0/16,fc00::/7,fe80::/10
```
